In the future, what you say is what you say
I want 70%
Your restaurant has to
Some money or something, right?
Follow me Wang Qianju
I'll make you eat fragrant and drink spicy food.
Then I'll thank you big brother, I'll give you a toast
Oh, I have another little brother today.
Happy to come haha
big brother
Hey brother, bye big brother, stay
stay
Boss Wang, take your time
Ah Liu
Go and get some of the materials on this list.
Then send him to cook
How about these two days?
I will work in cooking
If Wang Qianju asks about me, he will say that I have returned to my hometown
Do not expose this list or my whereabouts
Ah hey
This smash human flesh smash cinnamon
Lilac white stone perilla star anise
What are you going to do with so much material from the shopkeeper?
You'll know in a few days.